000 000
" All lines оЁ the road апа fence “ vanish "
nverge) upwards to a point on the vanishing
a.p. There may оё course, be other v.P.'s
he road оп the right is in a “descending
ne “ (p.r.), to the depth ов о. The wires оЁ
telegraph polcs and row оЁ trees vanish
h the road down to a point p in this line.
ircases are dcalt with оп these principles.
П. The lines of the pier vanish to a point
the right in the horizontal line. The under
es vanish to a point on the same line to the
t. The size оЁ the distant bathing figures is
ermined by the height оЁ the child in front
ed back to the horizon.
I1I. Note convergence оЁ а lines of the
г to c.v. (centre оЁ vision or eye). Notice
gth and direction of the shadows which in-
аке that the sun is fairly low, оп the right,
ind the spectator.
IV. Exemplifcation of the law of reflection
t “the angle оЁ incidence is equal to the
xle оЁ reflection”: in other words, there is
wn the exact reverse of the objcct appear
the reHection。 Apply this а5 here depicte
the child (I1), and the post and punt. Ex-
iment with any piece of looking-glass.
V. Shadows—Rays оЁ light at 45 degrees
ing on the square slab, are in the picture
If: and therefore form parallel ravs which

00

lincs drawn horizontally from the base of t
objccb or objects.

'VI. The position of the sun is indicated |
in a sunset) behind the object. Note the leng
ов the uncompleted shadow. The necess:
ground lines are obtained by drawing them frc
a point exactly vertically below the sun on t
horizontal line.

VIL In this case the sun is behind the spe
tator. Being the reverse оЁ the last case t
sun's か s vanish into the picture to a point v
marked оп а vertical line の o の Ze/ from t
direction point or angle where the rays п
the horizon: because the rays must be to left (
right) and downwards.  Note the rays are dray
from the object to v.s., and not from s to t
object as in last case

VIII. Example ов artificial lighting. He
the ground lines zadiate from a central po
exactly below the source оЁ light оп the grou
itself—not the horizon—just ав though Ё
the foot оЁ the lamp-post. Having drawn the
radiating lines оп the ground, carry correspon
ing rays down from the light to termin:
them.

1Х. Another instance where the light is st
pended not supported. An imaginary line
dropped to the floor—which spot in this roug

a e ini „g A T( 0


