ANNA KARENINA 【

'* But then, while she was here in the house with us, I
did not permit myself any liberties. And the worst оЁ
all is that she 18 already.... All this must needs happen
just to spite me. Ar! ar! arl But what, what is to be
done?”

There was no answer except that common answer
which life gives to all the most complicated and unsolva-
ble questions, — this answer: You must live according
to circumstances, in other words, forget yourself. But
ав you cannot forget yourself in sleep 一 аё least till
night, as you cannot return to that music which the
water-bottle woman sang, therefore you must forget
yourself in the dream of life!

“We shali see by апа by,” said Stepan Arkadyevitch
to himself, and rising he put on his gray dressing-gown
with blue silk lining, tied the tassels into a knot, and
took a full breath into his ample lungs. Then with his
usual firm step, his legs spread somewhat apart and
easily bearing the solid weight of his body, he went
over to the window, lifted the curtain, and loudly rang
the bell. It was instantly answered by his old friend
and valet Matve, who came in bringing his clothes,
boots, and a telegram. Behind Matve came the barber
with the shaving utensils.

** Are there any papers from the court-house ?” asked
Stepan Arkadyevitch, taking the telegram and taking
his seat in front of the mirror.

.... “On е breakfast-table,” replied Matve, looking
inquiringly and with sympathy at his master, and after
ап instant's pause, added with a sly smile, “They have
come from the boss of the livery-stable.”

Stepan Arkadyevitch made no reply and only looked
ат Matve in the mirror. By the look which they inter-
changed it could be seen how they understood each
other. The look of Stepan Arkadyevitch seemed to
ask, “Why did you say that Don’t you know?”

Matve thrust his hands in his jacket pockets, kicked
out his leg, and silently, good-naturedly, almost smiling,
looked back to his master : —

“I ordered him to come оп Sunday, and till еп that

